well does the second day of group stage
and I get to interview my first North
American winner ahead world League of
Legends World Championships those course
coverage brought to you by you gg so
sneaky what that that game talked to me
about that game because it was pretty
bloody I was at one point in time I was
like alright well looks like no wins for
the first two days but then everything
turned around so what was your
perspective on it yeah I mean we were
definitely losing but I was also playing
Caixa which is really good at scaling
and one thing actually I've never seen
the second elder be killed like any time
I've ever seen the second elder it's
like the other team gets it because
they're just putting such high part
ization on it but we ended up getting
fights and kills and I maybe even forgot
about it like the like oh wait that's a
thing because like I was actually my
first time seeing and it's such a strong
buff I remember reading it in the notes
when it first was put in the game and it
was like wow that's insane like just the
second elder of the game and I was like
oh wait you have to kill it twice so
yeah I mean it was a little scary first
in the game like we ended up starting to
lose and they got barren and stuff but
then we played it pretty well on the
defensive side I mean I'm getting like a
fight and killed a lot of their barons
off and just stalled out the game pretty
hard there's a sign that it's a very
good game or a very bad game whenever a
second elder is getting picked up
because I feel feel like it we don't
normally see that that might mean
something bad about the game oh I mean
it feels like right now a lot of the
meta is to just fight so I'm like
especially a bad thing but do you know
what time in the game it was I have no
idea I press TV is like a million miles
away from me so I'm just watching this
stuff move around yeah I want to say it
was like 45 minutes that's not too long
of a game like normally you'd be like 60
minutes and you see the second elder but
it didn't feel like it was that long of
a game at all crazy stuff well talk to
me about yesterday's game because there
were a lot of analysts and people on
Twitter you know I wasn't saying this I
would never say this but they were like
sneaky that game I don't know so what
was your perspective on yesterday's game
and your performance it's pretty rough
obviously like I had played really far
back and like in in Lane specifically
and then there I'm gonna ended up being
on her side had to pull my flash and
then ended up getting into it about spot
actually I think who's he played really
well just with the zoning that he did
with the feathers like I think like
rebooted about it like I don't think
I've ever actually seen anyone play that
way with the feathers like he wasn't
actually shooting about me and just shot
him behind me and then ran up in the
lane and I was literally just dead like
at level four with that and I didn't
realize it in game I was like oh wait
I'm I can't actually do anything here
I'm gone and then yeah after that I
ended up dying to the like Alistair and
Gallio I think I was dead without Gallio
but yeah there was a lot of people on me
maybe I didn't respect it as much but
yeah there was some things we looked at
that we could change on that game and I
mean just specifically with balling
because obviously ball name was the
biggest bleeding point in that game I
had very lots of open wounds and my
stomach so yeah like I was at you know
double daggers to storm razor when I had
surgeries so I don't know it's pretty
unwinnable for my point honestly first
my team like they're doing really well
and like I was just getting destroyed so
yeah I think next time we'll be
completely fine
that matchups also really hard is Ike I
said it wasn't as hard today because I
don't think it til is nearly as good as
aya and I'm not as good as I like that
zeusie so yeah do you have a cold cuz
I've noticed a little sniffle you've got
a little sniffle going on yeah i
infected my whole team actually great
that's what you want to hear world's
Poulter actually infected me how did you
guys get infected or how did he infect
you
I don't know like he entered the
elevator and he was sick and that's it I
was gone from there so now all cloud 9
is sick we're getting over it I had this
like beginning of plans actually I took
medicine for the first time for having a
cold and they're like like instantly
fixed my throat it was weird yeah
Madison does good things for the body
just so you know okay well when I was in
school when I was young my mom never
want me to take like medicine for that
she just thought it would be better for
her baby was me I don't know maybe I
should you're blaming your mom I've met
your mom and I should I always see her
at events I'm gonna be like are you the
one holding back in a scooter yeah okay
one of us decided I wouldn't take
medicine when I get a cold you know just
like a common cold but actually medicine
was really hopeful Wow that's
astonishing that medicine would be
potentially helpful when you're sick
that never would have thought of that
what was it like playing against Susie
he's being positioned as like the final
boss like the the faker of 2018 or
whatever he pops up and his face is all
scary at the end of that cinematic was
it like that in Lane was his face all
scary obviously the feather thing was
interesting but I mean I wasn't like
extra nervous or anything but yeah I
never actually played against someone
staged by putting in some alone scrims
and I recall him ragequitting a bit
instagrams
I gots playing like silver bruised a
chain or something like I think he's
getting pissed because I was keeping him
under turret the whole game when I was
server and he couldn't do anything so
unfortunately not the case yesterday
yeah like we've gone back and forth in
the scrims but not so much on the stage
so far I got one game see you next time
just picks a vertex game I think that's
is that how that works I mean that was
you know I think those 16 2016 or 2017
something thought we can't do that this
year maybe that's what you need you do
think outside of the box you know throw
back to some of that stuff think about
how you beat him before who cares what
the bet is like very clear
wait you couldn't you could induce
flashbacks you know he's like oh not the
Sivir and it just throws them off his
game yes if that happens we know who you
think how is the rest of cloud 9
handling worlds people said that you
guys are all fluky implants so I don't
know how you're feeling now yeah I mean
we had some obvious issues for you
trying to work out do plans it was some
macro things that we were having trouble
with a lot of like defending our vision
we were struggling I think we may have
even had that against TL when we played
them in the finals so yeah we've been
working on it
feels a whole lot better on that part so
we're definitely improving and yeah
overall gameplay it kind of just feels
like there's just so many fights going
on that it's a lot of our reviews it
feels like it goes into micro instead of
macro nowadays so it's interesting and
yeah I think we did not look not as good
from plans but we're definitely getting
better and better
well you got you got to get out you got
to get to quarters that's the thing
we already films me me videos and a lot
of stuff so is there anything you want
to say to any of the fans out there hi
thanks for watching okay well thank you
so much for the interview for everyone
else you can check out the rest my
coverage for all things Worlds right
here on my youtube channel funny story
we are currently recording this outro in
like a little vending machine booth
thing there's like a roof over the top
of me anyway there's a spiderweb hang
out right in front of Brodin if he moves
just two seconds close they're two
inches what I don't know centimeters I
don't know what they talked it there
he'll get caught by a spiderweb and it's
it's gonna be really complicated for him
and I'm a little worried but you know
what would help Broden deal with that
spiderweb if we went to you GG because
you know sometimes you got caught in a
spider web of emotions and I don't know
what's happening you just go to the
description you Gigi did you is that
going through the spider I don't
understand you check check them out
there in the description that'll make
sure you never lose champion select
again they're probably gonna have mixed
feelings about this outro in particular
so if you just click through a lot on
this one it might actually help them
because they're gonna be like what what
was that outro
but like it's late and I'm jet lagged
and that is a pretty big spider web
though Jesus